[Music]
ten natural remedies to fix droopy
eyelids in two minutes each year tons of
people undergo cosmetic procedures to
lift their sagging droopy eyelids in
hope of achieving a more youthful look
little do they know that you can
actually take care of this problem right
at home all you need is a few simple yet
effective ingredients for instant
results but before you head to the
kitchen to start mixing up these magic
recipes don't forget to hit subscribe
and ring the notification bell to join
us on the bright side of life number one
cucumbers here's a natural eye mask you
see all the time in movies right well
there's a reason for that you see
cucumbers have two secret weapons
caffeic and a sorbic acid z' that not
only tighten your skin but reduce
inflammation as well plus cucumbers are
rich in potassium and vitamin C which
can also help you deal with sagging
eyelids to see all these amazing effects
for yourself put two chilled cucumber
slices over your eyes and let them work
their magic for fifteen to twenty
minutes
number two green tea green teas
antioxidants and anti-inflammatory
properties do a lot of good for your
body but this incredible natural remedy
can also help you out in the beauty
department and that includes getting rid
of droopy eyelids the polyphenols found
in green tea double the effect by
improving skin elasticity so if you want
to try to incorporate green tea into
your beauty routine just brew some tea
let it sit until it's a nice relaxing
warm temperature and massage your
eyelids with it for about ten minutes a
day at least twice a week or you can
always just drink more green tea
number three ice cubes don't have time
to slice cucumbers or brew green tea
well then just grab a couple of ice
cubes ice constricts your blood vessels
which reduces swelling and puffiness
around the eyes all you have to do is
put ice cubes on your eyelids for about
five to ten minutes and you'll instantly
see the effect you can also wash your
face with ice cubes or cold water this
will tighten your skin and reduce the
droopiness around your eyes
number four aloe vera aloe vera has
unique anti-inflammatory properties that
are quite useful for puffiness redness
and sagging eyelids this natural remedy
tightens the skin on your eyelids and
makes it more elastic to see the results
for yourself just take some aloe vera
gel and gently massage it on your
eyelids for about five minutes don't
apply too much pressure though the eye
region is very delicate and should be
treated as such
you can also put a little bit on your
lashes to keep them moisturize and help
them grow number five
olive oil olive oil is packed with
crucial antioxidants that minimize
sagginess around the eyes moisturize the
skin there and improve its elasticity to
try it out heat up about three
tablespoons of olive oil until it's warm
not hot to the touch then massage your
eyelids with it and leave it on
overnight when you wake up rinse your
eyes with cold water and roll up you
look as fresh as a daisy number six
coconut oil there is another type of oil
that helps out a lot when it comes to
droopy eyelids and it's the coconut
variety this oil is an all-natural
antibacterial and antifungal agent that
allows you to get rid of the drooping
effect on your eyelids while
moisturizing and rejuvenating the
sensitive skin there again simply warm
up about three tablespoons of coconut
oil massage your eyelids with it and let
it do its thing overnight while you're
off in dreamland just don't forget to
rinse your face with cold water the next
morning
number seven egg whites egg whites are
one of the best natural products when it
comes to saggy eyelids you see as egg
white dries it also shrinks which helps
tighten your skin and immediately make
your eyelids look smooth and lifted so
just make sure that your eyelids are
clean and dry and put a little bit of
egg white on them you can also add some
of it to your under eye area to remove
eye bags wait until everything dries
wash it off with cool water and you're
done number eight chamomile tea
you've probably got the message by now
that antioxidants and natural products
with anti-inflammatory properties are
the things you need in your battle
against droopy puffy eyes and that's why
chamomile tea can also help you out here
so the next time you want to make
yourself and a friend some delicious
chamomile tea take the two used tea bags
put them in the fridge for about 10 to
15 minutes and simply place them on your
eyes wait for fifteen to twenty minutes
and that's it just don't forget to make
this ritual a part of your regular
beauty routine for even better results
number nine natural eye cream getting
rid of drooping eyelids is great and all
but if you want something that can
totally revitalize your eyes this
homemade eye cream is a must and the
best thing about it is that you can pick
up the ingredients in any grocery store
you'll need four tablespoons of plain
yoghurt four tablespoons of aloe vera
gel two tablespoons of oatmeal and 1
cucumber start by peeling the cucumber
and cutting off 5 slices then blend
everything together until you get a
smooth thick paste apply this paste to
your eye region for about 20 minutes the
cucumber will take care of your droopy
eyelids the yoghurt will moisturize your
skin the aloe vera gel reduces
inflammation and the oatmeal will give
the skin around your eyes a natural
inner glow use this DIY eye cream at
least twice a week to forget about
sagging islands for good
number ten I exercise if you are looking
for an even more long-lasting effect you
may want to give I exercise as a try
they basically strengthen the muscles in
and around your eyelids to really reduce
the droopy effect let's give one a go
right now just close your eyes place
your index fingers across each eyelid
and lift your eyebrows now count to five
and gently apply a little pressure to
your eyelids on each count ready go one
two three four five
okay now try to open your eyes with some
pressure still applied and you're all
done repeat this exercise 10 times every
single day and you'll certainly get the
results you're hoping for that's pretty
much all the natural remedies that can
help you get a perfect eye look don't
forget that the lifestyle you're leading
also affects this problem for example
not getting enough sleep only increases
sagging and puffiness while good rest
can prevent them all together the same
thing goes for drinking enough water
staying hydrated is essential for
beautiful glowing skin and the eye
region is no exception so make sure to
drink at least eight to ten glasses of
water every day and you'll see your skin
improve almost instantly as for your
diet try to stay away from junk food and
add more fruits to your menu instead
especially grapes they're high in
resveratrol which slows down the
cellular aging process and finally
consider investing in a good I serum
these natural remedies will work just as
well but with a proper eye serum you'll
achieve that youthful lift that I look
way earlier you just have to remember to
apply your serum every single day before
you head to bed this way you'll get the
best out of it
do you know any other remedies for
droopy eyelids tell us in the comment
section below don't forget to give this
video a like share it with your friends
and click subscribe to stay on the
bright side of life